KUALA LUMPUR, April 6 (Xinhua) -- China should have its own voice in the world football as a big country to push the development of football in China and in the world, said Du Zhaocai, deputy minister of China's State General Administration of Sport. Du, who was elected as FIFA Council member at the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) Congress here on Saturday, said he was "honored and proud" to be given an opportunity to contribute to the world football, but more importantly, his election to the football's world governing body bears "much significance" to elevate China's say in the world football. "China is a big country, we should have our voice in world football affairs to better push the development of football," he told Xinhua in an interview after the AFC Congress. The active participation in the world football affairs will also benefit the development of football in China by giving it an international vision and better access to the experience and resources of those countries which are more advanced in football, said Du. "We could also take part in the decision making of FIFA and AFC in a more direct way, this will help the development of Chinese football," he said. According to the deputy minister, Chinese football association has been working closely with FIFA and AFC. Since Chinese President Xi Jinping met with FIFA president Gianni Infantino in 2017, FIFA has set up a joint working group with Chinese football association to provide assistance and support. Meanwhile, Du said China is bidding to host the AFC Asian Cup in 2023, as a way to boost football infrastructure and to attract more young people to football, among others. He added that China is also working with other countries in areas such as the setting-up of youth academies overseas and the bringing in of foreign coaches to train young players. The election of him as a FIFA council member will serve as a platform to link China to the world football, bringing in more advance football ideas and experiences to fit into China's national condition, he said. Enditem