DUBLIN, April 17 (Xinhua) -- There will be no chance of a U.S.-British trade agreement if the Brexit deal undermines the Good Friday Agreement, including but not limited to, the seamless border between Ireland and Northern Ireland, said a top U.S. politician here on Wednesday. Nancy Pelosi, Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives, made this remark while delivering a speech at the lower house of the Irish parliament on Wednesday afternoon. Pelosi is in Dublin for a two-day visit with a U.S. congressional delegation. "We must ensure that nothing happens in the Brexit discussions that imperils the Good Friday Accord (Agreement), including but not limited to, the seams border between the Irish Republic and Northern Ireland," she told the members of the Irish parliament, both from the lower house and the senate, as well as former politicians who attended the meeting. In her speech, Nancy Pelosi also voiced her support for Ireland's bid for a non-permanent seat on the UN Security Council for the 2021-22 term. The Good Friday Agreement or Belfast Agreement is a set of agreements signed between the British and Irish governments as well as the major political parties in Northern Ireland on Good Friday, April 10, 1998, which is viewed as a major political development in the Northern Ireland peace process. After the signing of the Good Friday Agreement, all the customs houses and checkpoints along the border between Ireland and Britain's Northern Ireland have been removed and people and goods can travel freely across the border. Ireland is concerned about the possible threat to the Good Friday Agreement if a hard border returns between Ireland and Northern Ireland after the Brexit. Pelosi's remarks are viewed here as a strong support for Ireland over the Brexit issue. Pelosi arrived here on Tuesday with a congressional delegation comprising eight other members from the U.S. House of Representatives. During her stay in Dublin, she held meetings with the Irish President Michael D. Higgins, Prime Minister Leo Varadkar and other senior officials and politicians including members from the major opposition parties.