MADRID, April 1 (Xinhua) -- Spain's Liga Santander returned to action over the weekend with wins for the top-three sides, while the battles to qualify for Europe and avoid relegation both got tighter. Here are some things we learned in Spain this weekend. 1 We can't compare Messi to anyone... The buildup before the Barcelona derby focused on the 'battle' between Barca's Leo Messi and Espanyol's Chinese international Wu Lei, but in the end that contest was a non-event. Wu Lei began the game as a substitute following a trip to China for a well-earned rest and played only the last 25 minutes. While the Chinese forward again showed some nice touches and was close to an equalizing goal, Messi was again decisive, curling home a free kick to open the scoring, before starting and then finishing the move which led to Barca's second goal in the 2-0 win. He now has 31 league goals from 27 appearances this season and perhaps Saturday taught some of us a lesson. Wu Lei is very good, but you can't compare Messi to anyone. 2 Zidane rings the changes (again) Real Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane made further changes to his starting 11 for his side's narrow 3-2 win at home to Huesca. Luka Modric and Marco Asensio were rested while Luka Zidane (his son) was given a chance in goal. Karim Benzema netted a last minute winner for Madrid to save face, which was celebrated by the under-50,000 fans in the Bernabeu as if it had won them the league. It's good to see Zidane giving everyone the chance to show what they can do, but it seems that even the fans know that at the moment everything is about setting the groundwork for next season. 3 Monument for Iago Aspas? If Celta Vigo avoid relegation this season, someone should consider building a statue of striker Iago Aspas. Several seasons ago Aspas scored the goal which saved the club from dropping into the third tier of the Spanish game and in 2013, he again netted a goal to save them from relegation. Injury has ruined the past 3 months for Aspas and Saturday was only his second appearances of 2019. During his absence Celta dropped nine places in the table to third from bottom and trailing 2-0 to Villarreal (a direct rival) they looked likely to end up seven points from safety. However, Aspas scored twice to help turn the game around and a 2-0 deficit became morale boosting 3-2 win. The forward ended up exhausted and in tears of emotion on the bench with the Celta fans chanting his name. If ever a player symbolized the club, it's Iago Aspas. 4 Battle for Europe gets tighter The battle for fourth, fifth, sixth and even seventh place got closer over the weekend as fourth and fifth placed Alaves and Getafe both lost, while Valencia claimed a vital win against Sevilla and Betis were held to a draw by Rayo Vallecano. Just six points now separate fourth place Getafe from ninth placed Betis, while Athletic Club Bilbao climbed up to eighth as their incredible turnaround continued under Gaizka Garitano with a 2-1 win away to Girona on Friday night. Valencia, Athletic and Getafe (despite Saturday's defeat to Leganes) look to be the four teams at the moment and the coming weeks will see some direct confrontations between the candidates, but it looks as if the 'battle for Europe" is going to go down to the wire. Enditem