BERLIN, April 4 (Xinhua) - Was it an embarrassment or lax training-session? No matter how one rates the narrow 5-4 victory in the last-8-round of the German Cup this Wednesday evening against second-division side FC Heidenheim, there is no reason to be concerned for fans of Bayern Munich. "Think positive, we know about the importance, and we are confident," said striker Thomas Mueller ahead of the German Classico against Borussia Dortmund this Saturday evening. Everyone's feet seem behind the line as Bayern's performers speak about "a final" against Dortmund. Here are five reasons why the Bavarians will win the 2018/2019 season top game that some call the "Germanico." 1. STATISTICS Statistics speak volumes for the Bavarians. They won six of the last ten games apart from three Dortmund victories and one draw. Bayern won the last four games at home, scoring 17 goals. 100 battles saw 45 victories for the Reds, 25 for the Blacks and Yellows and 29 draws. Bayern scored the most goals after the 27th round of matches in the Bundesliga: 69 achieved by 16 different scorers (Dortmund 66/18). With two points behind Dortmund (63) it is a must for Bayern (61) to beat their rival with only six games to go after the Classico. Bayern won the last six German Championships. Since the 2009/2010 season, Bayern won seven Championships, Dortmund only two. Bayern (87.5 percent) have the best passing figures this season, ahead of Borussia (85.3) 2. ROBERT LEWANDOWSKI Robert Lewandowski is the Bundesliga's best striker. The 30-year-old scored 19 goals ahead of Dortmund's Paco Alcacer (16). The forward scored 8 goals in the last four home games against his former club BVB. "Our head is full of thoughts around the season's highlight," the Polish team captain commented. Lewandowski said he considers to extend his running contract in Munich until 2021. The spearhead delivered 11 assists and seems entirely focused on his Munich job after he abandoned plans to leave and join Real Madrid. The Bayern striker said to win this season's scorers trophy is a vital goal for him. 3. GOLDEN-AGERS For several of Bayern's stars, Saturday's game is the last "Classico" of their career. That should give them an additional motivation boost. The 35-year-old Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben will most likely retire. Others like Rafinha (33/assumedly departing for Brazilian side Flamengo Rio de Janeiro) or Jerome Boateng (30/Juventus Turin is said to be an option) are expected to leave the Bavarians after this season. Besides the golden-agers, several of Bayern's performers are under surveillance when it comes to their future. Mats Hummels, James Rodriguez, Javi Martinez, Mueller, and Thiago will have to prove their qualities in crucial games after failing to succeed against Liverpool in the last 16-round of the Champions League (0-0/3-1). 4. NIKO KOVAC The future of the 47-year-old Berlin-born coach with Croatian roots is said to depend on the outcome of the 2018/2019 season entirely. To win the German Cup and the national Championship is what is seen as a minimum demand by the club's leaders Karl-Heinz Rummenigge and Uli Hoeness. "We are the best team when we give all we have," the former Croatian national coach emphasizes. The 2018 German Cup winner (Eintracht Frankfurt) is counting on his team's experience. "Many my players have played hundreds of tight games like the one we face this Saturday," Kovac commented. The 2018/2019 title would be Kovac's first Championship. "It is my big goal to win my first Championship," the coach said. It is either do or die for him. 5. UPSWINGS Bayern won its recent league home-games by 6-0 (Wolfsburg/ Mainz). Goalkeeper Manuel Neuer seems to meet his best level again struggling for a long time after his long injury break in advance of the 2018 World Cup. Neuer' saves against the Netherlands (3-2) in Germany's 2020 European Championship qualifier, just world class. Bayern's Youngsters such as forward Serge Gnabry, defender Niklas Suele (both 23) and midfielder Leon Goretzka (24) benefit from their breakthrough in the team of German national coach Joachim Loew. Joshua Kimmich proved he has developed to a true leader in both his club team and the German national side. French international Kingsley Coman is on his way back to best shape.