PARIS, March 27 (Xinhua) -- Chelsea reached the UEFA Women's Champions League semifinals by overcoming Paris Saint-Germain 3-2 on aggregate despite a 2-1 road loss in the quarterfinals return leg here on Wednesday. After suffering a 2-0 loss to the English side one week ago, PSG managed to level the aggregate score through Kadidiatou Diani's poking shot and Chelsea goalkeeper Ann-Katrin Berger's own goal in the second half, but their defensive error gifted Maren Mjelde's decisive goal at the stroke of stoppage time. Despite advantage in ball possession, PSG failed to open the scoring in the first 45 minutes at the Stade Jean Bouin. They managed to halve deficit just one minute after the restart, as Diani was on position to put Ashley Lawrence's left-wing cross into the net. The hosts footballers felt much motivated by boisterous atmosphere inside the stadium created by the Parisiens. Chinese star Wang Shuang saw her corner kick fumbled by Berger into own net to make it 2-2 on aggregate in the 56th minute. Two minutes later, Wang released Marie-Antoinette Katoto on the left, but Berger made no errors this time to block the Frenchwoman's shot. Wang also got the chance herself, only to fire a shot wide in the 67th minute. Mjelde, not long back from injury, swept skipper Karen Carney's pass from the left flank to seal the vistors' win. "The first half we defended really well, but at the same time, they created a lot of chances. We had to do something unless we would concede, but we did that so early, just the first minute of the second half," said Mjelde. "We believe that we can score an away goal. You have to believe it. We did it all the whole way. It shows that we are stronger and great mentality from all players. In total, it's good performance." she added. Having witnessed their second straight semifinal appreance, Chelsea will face the three-time defending champions Lyon. "We are going to face an even stonger French team. We have to prepare well. Everything can happen in the Champions League," Mjelde pointed out. The five-time winners from France triumphed 4-2 away to German club Wolfsburg and secured their berth at 6-3 on aggregate. First-half goals from Dzsenifer Marozsan and Wendy Renard established a comfortable cushion for the French side, before last season's runners-up Wolfsburg brought threat with Pernille Harder's brace in three minutes early in the second half. But Lyon steadied nerves to move beyond reach again thanks to Eugenie Le Sommer's goals in the 60th and 80th minute. The other semifinal late in April will be played between Barcelona and Bayern Munich. Barcelona won 1-0 at LSK Kvinner through Lieke Martens' goal in the seventh minute to progress into final four with an aggregate score of 4-0. Bayern Munich thrashed Slavia Prague 5-1 at home, triumphing the two-leg clash 6-2 on aggregate.