CANBERRA, March 19 (Xinhua) -- The Australian women's national team will utilise the same training base as their male counterparts did in 2018, as they prepare for their 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup campaign in France. According to a statement from Football Federation Australia (FFA), Ante Milicic's squad will arrive in Antalya, Turkey on May 19, and will spend ten days on Turkey's south coast with access to the same training and recovery facilities which the men's national team used prior to their 2018 FIFA World Cup campaign in Russia. Milicic, a former member of the Socceroos' coaching staff familiar with the region's facilities and warm climate, replaced Alen Stajcic to take charge of Australia's senior women's side. The Australian coach was sacked in January over allegations of creating a toxic environment within the team despite a sixth-place world ranking, currently the highest among teams playing within the Asian confederation. "Antalya will be the perfect destination for our team to prepare for the forthcoming FIFA Women's World Cup," Milicic said. "The Socceroos have utilised the base twice over the past year and because of that we know exactly what to expect. "From pristine training pitches to the absolute latest in sports science facilities, the base will provide our players with an unrivalled opportunity to prepare in the lead up to our Group C games." Under Milicic, the Matildas extended their good form and claimed the Cup of Nations earlier this month, beating fellow World Cup qualifiers New Zealand, South Korea and Argentina. The first trophy under the new coach also boosted the Matildas' confidence to fight for the World Cup. "Of course we can win it," Milicic told Fox Sports News last month. "Our best record so far has been reaching the quarterfinals. There are quite a few countries that will feel they can go all the way to the final. We need to be as well prepared as possible, which I know we will be." The 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup will take place in France from June to July 7, featuring 24 teams contesting 52 matches in Grenoble, Le Havre, Lyon, Montpellier, Nice, Paris, Reims, Rennes and Valenciennes. Australia are in Group C along with Italy, Brazil and Jamaica.