BEIJING, April 15 (Xinhua) -- The Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee has published regulations on the work of leading Party members groups. The 45-article regulations were updated from a trial version issued in June 2015. The CPC Central Committee has also issued a circular demanding the implementation of the regulations. The revisions fully embody the theoretical, practical and institutional innovations in the work of leading Party members groups in recent years, the circular said, adding that the revisions were made in accordance with the new situations, tasks and requirements of their work. It demanded strict implementation of the regulations to make sure that leading Party members groups uphold General Secretary Xi Jinping's core status, as well as the authority of the CPC Central Committee and its centralized, unified leadership. The circular said leading Party members groups should take the implementation of the decisions and deployments of the CPC Central Committee as the prerequisite in carrying out work. A leading Party members group is a leading body set up by the Party in the leadership of the central and local state organs, people's organizations, economic and cultural institutions, as well as other non-Party organizations. The regulations have eight chapters including the general provisions, the establishment, duties and organizational principles of leading Party members groups, as well as the rules of their decision-making and supervision. In a press release, an official with the General Office of the CPC Central Committee spoke of the importance and necessity of the revised regulations. The official said the regulations reflect new requirements on Party building in the new era and are key to addressing prominent issues in the work of the leading Party members groups and strengthen the institutional guarantees for their work. There are over 102,000 leading Party members groups from central to county levels nationwide, the official said. The regulations will help ensure that the CPC always remains a strong leadership core in the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics, the official added. An editorial to be published by the People's Daily on Tuesday hailed the issuance of the regulations, saying the establishment of leading Party members groups is an arrangement based on Chinese reality and fully demonstrates the unique political, organizational and institutional strength of the Party.