BEIJING, April 10 (Xinhua) -- China on Wednesday urged relevant countries to offer a fair, just and non-discriminatory business environment for enterprises of various countries, including Chinese ones. Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang made the remarks at a routine press briefing when asked whether Australia applies double standards on the cybersecurity issue. Recently, a number of Australian media reported that relevant Australian law mandated communication enterprises install "backdoors" for the Australian government. Google, Apple, Amazon and other technology companies have expressed serious concern about the act, saying it threatens cybersecurity in Australia and the world. While the Australian side previously claimed that the country does not want any company in its communications networks that have an obligation to any other government. For this reason, Australia banned Huawei from the 5G telecommunications network. Noting China has been closely following the relevant developments, Lu said the communication market and international cooperation will be seriously affected when it forces enterprises to install "backdoors" by legislation, which builds its own security and interests on the basis of violating other countries' security and the privacy of their citizens. "As you can see, the business communities have expressed serious concern about this," Lu said. A puzzling thing is that on the one hand, relevant countries use cybersecurity and sensationalize the so-called "security threat" of other countries or enterprises with trumped-up charges. On the other hand, they are doing things that endanger cybersecurity, Lu said. "I am just as interested as you are in what the Australian government would say," said the spokesperson. Emphasizing that China has always attached great importance to and firmly maintained cybersecurity, Lu said that the Chinese side is willing to continue to actively participate in international cooperation in cybersecurity and work with all parties to build a peaceful, secure, open, cooperative and orderly cyberspace.