BERLIN, March 19 (Xinhua) -- Optimism is growing in German football having to face the challenge to qualify for the 2020 European Championships with a newly formed team. Young faces from now on will have to carry the 2014 World Champions expectations to return to the world's best after an early exit at the 2018 World Cup in Russia and demotion in the Nations League. Germany dropped back to position 16 in the newest FIFA ranking of nations which is the country's lowest position since 2005. While pundits such as the former German national coach Juergen Klinsmann and 150 times capped Lothar Matthaeus see the team of current coach Joachim Loew on a stony path several performers of the new generation expressed their confidence. "German football has hit rock bottom," the 108 capped Klinsmann emphasized. "There is a reason to be concerned," the former Bayern Munich and Tottenham Hotspurs striker said. Loew recently decided to no longer consider experienced forces like the 2014 World Champions Mats Hummels, Jerome Boateng, and Thomas Mueller. The 59-year-old is under fire after his surprising announcement and needs to develop new leaders shortly to ease the tension. Goalkeeper Manuel Neuer (Bayern Munich), midfielder Toni Kroos (Real Madrid) and defender Matthias Ginter (Moenchengladbach) are the only survivals of Germany's victorious Brazil squad. "We have many characters that can make it," commented Bayer Leverkusen forward Julian Brandt talking about the squad's uncertain future. Bayern Munich midfielder Leon Goretzka said the omitted trio is leaving "a gap behind, but we have to fill the gap, and we are ambitious enough to do a good job on that." Neuer (32) and Kroos (29) are expected to play a vital role still and act as the team's anchors. But that won't be enough to build a new hierarchy leading back to success. Loew's future depends on emerging performers such as Joshua Kimmich and Niklas Suele (all Bayern), Marco Reus (Borussia Dortmund), Julian Draxler (Paris St Germain) and Ilkay Guendogan (Manchester City) who will have to deliver support for the youngest fraction. Kimmich is said to be appointed for the teams' committee shortly. Leroy Sane (City), Timo Werner (RB Leipzig), Serge Gnabry, Brandt and Kai Havertz (Leverkusen) are expected to be responsible for the team's speed while 26-year-old Barcelona keeper Marc-Andre Ter Stegen is challenging Neuer as the country's number one. "Many of the youngsters are ready to take more responsibility. At the same time, we have to consider we are only 22 or 23 years old and still have to learn," Brandt said demanding patience when it comes to the inexperienced squad. Many of Loew's new faces won the 2017 Confederations Cup. Germany's first stress-test is waiting this Wednesday against Serbia in a friendly and next Sunday against the Netherlands in a Euro qualifier. National team manager Oliver Bierhoff said he is optimistic the team will manage to "develop a new spirit and grow together." The 1996 European Champion underlined it was time for changes and told Sane to instruct the new arrivals "how things work around the team." The Citizens youngster might be the most striking example when it comes to what is called the German wind of change. Only a few months ago, when the countries 2018 World Cup squad was selected, the 23-year-old was sent home by Loew due to a lack of attitude.