BERLIN, March 26 (Xinhua) -- The reigning German Champions Bayern Munich are preparing for future challenges by taking big steps. According to a French media report, the Bavarian side has completed an 85 million euro deal by signing Atletico Madrid defender Lucas Hernandez for the 2019/2020 season. Hernandez is said to get a five-year-contract providing a seasonal salary of 13 million euros, publiciation "France football" has reported. The 23-year-old 2018 World Champion is not expected to be the only new arrival, as the 2013 treble winner is considering widening its tactical options. To increase speed and tactical variety are Bayern's primary targets as the club announced through president Uli Hoeness to be happy to participate in a possibly newly formed Champions Super League and attend a World Cup for clubs containing 24 clubs "as soon as possible." Further significant investments are expected to make Bayern's team independent from their spearhead Robert Lewandowski and their current single-box-striker system. To set up a squad addressing modern football needs Bayern seems willing to invest several hundreds of million euros. Bayern's strategic plans include a similar system German national coach Joachim Loew used when the team beat the Netherlands 3-2 in the Euro 2020 qualifier last Sunday with Serge Gnabry, Leroy Sane (Manchester City) and Timo Werner in the front line. RB Leipzig striker Werner is said to be joining Bayern next summer to play aside Germany's rising striker star Gnabry. The former Arsenal forward scored five goals in his opening six senior internationals for Germany. Reports speak about Gnabry to possibly replace the Polish national team captain as Bayern's target-player in the box in case the 30-year-old should leave or deserve a break. Choosing that system Werner and Kingsley Coman would do the job along the flanks. To regularly chance positions is part of the new approach. While Hernandez's French national teammate Benjamin Pavard has agreed on joining Bayern for 35 million Euros from VfB Stuttgart, the Bavarians are assumed to target an additional number of midfielders and defenders such as Kai Havertz (19/Bayer Leverkusen), 23-year-old Adrien Rabiot from Paris St Germain and Chelsea rookie Callum Hudson-Odoi (19). The trio would request an investment of up to 170 million euros. On top, rumors speak of Bayern's interest in Eintracht Frankfurt Serbian striker Luka Jovic (21). Media reports say Bayern has made a first offer of 56 million euros. Bayern is enduring a poor season by their usual high standards to always compete among the last four in the Champions League. The German giants were knocked out of the Champions League in the round of 16, after suffering a disappointing 3-1 defeat against Premier League side Liverpool FC and their German coach Juergen Klopp on their home ground. Due to the lack of ideas in the final third Bayern legend, Franz Beckenbauer demanded new ideas and new players to face the future adding the changes might have to include the current head-coach Niko Kovac. The 47-year-old is under pressure as only two titles remain within reaches such as the national league title and the Cup. Kovac is said to have to win both to secure his job. French media talk about Bayern's newly growing interest to sign Paris St German coach Thomas Tuchel. The German coach tough doesn't seem to be interested and is considering extending his contract in the French capital.